---
# Feel free to add content and custom Front Matter to this file.
# To modify the layout, see https://jekyllrb.com/docs/themes/#overriding-theme-defaults
layout: default
---

**Project Manager:** Pedro Alberto Morettin

**Institution:** Instituto de Matemática e Estatística, Universidade de
São Paulo

Thematic Project FAPESP 2018/04654-9

**Announcement:** Post-doctorate research fellow positions [here]({{site.pd | relative_url}}) (*em português* [*aqui*](PD_advertisement.md)).

## Introduction

This project is a natural follow-up to the thematic project
*2013/00506-1* entitled **Séries Temporais, Ondaletas e Análise de
Dados Funcionais**, from 01/07/2013 to 30/06/2018. The methodologies
have potential and effective application to Medicine, Biology, Physics,
Chemistry, Finance, Engineering, etc. These methods should solve
theoretical and applied problems on the following topics: (1)
Generalizations of ARMA models; (2) Wavelets; (3) Quasi *U*-statistics;
(4) Outliers in time series; (5) Financial Volatilty, including high
frequency data; (6) Functional data analysis; (7) High dimensional data,
with emphasis in time series, spatial data, financial series, satellite
images, genetics, DNA sequences, microarrays and MRI.

Results will be published in international journals with selective
editorial policies and shall be presented in scientific conferences.
Forming human resources is one of our main concerns. For this effect we
will supervise pos-docs, undergraduate research assistantships, master
theses and PhD dissertations. Seminars will be held regularly, in which
the presentation of results, exchange of ideas, and where prospective
talents may get acquainted with these research areas. In order to bring
a serious push in this area in Brazil we will held workshops, which will
reunite every year international and Brazilian guest speakers, the
project team, advanced undergraduate and graduate students. State of the
art and open problems will be discussed, and new and/or established
scientific collaborations will happen.

## Project Members

See [People]({{ site.people | site.url}}).

## Research

See [Research Themes]({{ site.temas | site.url}}).

## Previous events

Workshop in Time Series, Wavelets and High Dimensional Data happened at the Universty of Campinas, August 29--30, 2019. More info [here](workshop1.md)

*Veja esta página em português clicando [aqui](index.md).*
